README.md, before:

# Diary

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Major stuckure overhaul, Added NgRx and localstorage sync

README.md, after:

# Diary

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

This project spawns a relatively simple application that allows users to add notes to dates
and revisit those notes as per requirement. It has the following abilities:
1. Add notes to a selected date
2. Revisit notes added to date
3. Attach images or url links to notes for viewing and references
4. Delete older notes no longer needed

Future improvements could be:
1. Add user login
2. Hookup backend server
3. Add notes edit option
4. Improve url link handling and optional embeds
5. Dockerize the solution

The project was build with these improvements in mind and does have some supporting code
to allow some of these improvements at a later point in time.

In Order to spin up a quick demo serve it up using the development server option below.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Further help

To know more about this you can reach me on [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sheesusman/) and [email](mailto:shees.usman421@gmail.com)
as well as [github](https://github.com/shees-usman).
